[Music]
[Applause]
hi there my name is mark I'm with n
stuff music comm and today we're going
to be demoing a new Fender guitar and
it's in the series called the blacktop
series mmm this is the blacktop jazz
master
it has a nine and a half inch radius
twenty-one medium jumbo frets a twenty
five and a half inch scale just like a
strata a Tele cast sealed tuning gears
it also sports a jazz master pickup and
a humbucking pickup wired to a 3-way
switch and both of these are Seymour
Duncan designed pickups so you get a
real nice classic phat single coil jazz
master sound which you just heard at the
beginning you can run both of the
pickups or run the bridge pickup it also
comes with the classic jazz master type
tremolo it's an alder body this
particular one is a three color sunburst
your classic for boat neck on the back
so as I said what you heard was the neck
pickup so now I'm going to play the neck
and a bridge together
[Music]
mr. bridge pickup
the bitch the bridge pickup is very very
mid-range II sounding it's real fat
sounding so it's a nice contrast to the
the classic sound of the the neck pickup
if we go over to our over drive channel
and we'll start with the bridge pickup
here
[Music]
both pickups
and the neck pickup
[Music]
so there you have it the fender blacktop
series jazz master it's available at n
stuff music calm and this guitar really
represents a great great value it's very
very competitively priced very nice
sunburst finish solid alder body and the
classic jazz master sound with the
addition of a nice big fat humbucking
pickup in the back so thanks very much
today
[Applause]
[Music]
you